hi everybody there's no new tabletop
this week but we have a gag reel from
Dixit I hope you enjoy it
and come back next week for an all-new
episode of tabletop it is the family
party game wits & wagers until next time
play more games they use a scoring
system that keeps communicate emotion
communicate emotion they use a scoring
metric that keeps everyone in the game
until the last round
what no it's important to have in our
Dixit oh I held it bad it was I felt
like I had a hook for a hand
we're a sense of artistic communication
that's not right votes are revealed I am
stupid and then the votes are revealed
no and I cannot wait to hear what my eye
was doing so good - welcome to
Loserville USA mmm population will the
freeways winning
I think they might just fall it's down
here now third head battered stop
looking at my cards
Casey me and bunny
I slipped
what are we having for dinner I don't
know it's just so Dixit what we mix it
holy Dixit cello in a car and what did
they do
shut up you can't call the car key this
is not poker when they brought that
Macbeth quote out I don't know
the moment will lays this card down I
know I would it's a death you receive
I'm really glad you stopped that okay
before it became it's not that kind of
show
okay great the tabletop trophy of
Awesome
you